docs: Rename Consul OSS to Consul CE (#19009)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/integrate/download-tools.mdx

- [Gonsul](https://github.com/miniclip/gonsul) - A Git to Consul standalone tool made in Go. Updates Consul KV from a repo with multiple strategies.
- [gradle-consul-plugin](https://github.com/amirkibbar/red-apple) - A Consul Gradle plugin
- [hashi-ui](https://github.com/jippi/hashi-ui) - A modern user interface for the Consul and Nomad

> - [HashiBox](https://github.com/nunchistudio/hashibox) - Vagrant environment to simulate highly-available cloud with Consul, Nomad, Vault, and optional support for Waypoint. CE & Enterprise supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [HashiBox](https://github.com/nunchistudio/hashibox) - Vagrant environment to simulate highly-available cloud with Consul, Nomad, Vault, and optional support for Waypoint. This supports both Consul CE and Enterprise.
```
